The best idea and the best expression of it amount to nothing without action to back them up. – Unknown
Recovery is hard. Regret is harder. – Brittany Burgunder
One small step is worth more than a thousand steps planned. – Unknown
Believe you can and you are halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Great acts are made up of small deeds. – Lao Tzu
Courage isn’t having the strength to go on – it is going on when you don’t have strength. – Napoléon Bonaparte
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. – Napoleon Bonaparte
A man would do nothing if he waited until he could do it so well that no one could find fault. – John Henry Newman
Don’t let the past steal your present. – Terri Guillemets
He conquers who endures. – Persius
People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them. – George Bernard Shaw
Experience is not what happens to you, it is what you do with what happens to you. – Aldous Huxley
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened. – Michel de Montaigne
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Even in the midst of devastation, something within us always points the way to freedom. – Sharon Salzberg
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. – Martin Luther King, Jr.
Our ability to handle life’s challenges is a measure of our strength of character. – Les Brown
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t.
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it. – Molière
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
Everything negative – pressure, challenges – is all an opportunity for me to rise. – Kobe Bryant
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going. – Chantal Sutherland
Perspective is everything when you are experiencing the challenges of life. – Joni Eareckson Tada
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like. – Mike Kafka
When we are no longer able to change a situation – we are challenged to change ourselves. – Viktor E. Frankl
Every project is an opportunity to learn, to figure out problems and challenges, to invent and reinvent. – David Rockwell
Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them. – John C. Maxwell
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. – George S. Patton
Life is a challenge, meet it! Life is a dream, realize it! Life is a game, play it! Life is love, enjoy it! – Sathya Sai Baba
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. – Albert Einstein
Every project has challenges, and every project has its rewards. – Stephen Schwartz
Challenges make you discover things about yourself that you never really knew. – Cicely Tyson
Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky. – Sonia Gandhi
We proved that we are still a people capable of doing big things and tackling our biggest challenges. – Barack Obama
We rise to challenges, we will meet them, we’re well prepared for them, we’ll get through them and we’ll emerge on the other side stronger. – Rishi Sunak
Life is filled with detours and dead ends, trials and challenges of every kind. Each of us has likely had times when distress, anguish, and despair almost consumed us. – Russell M. Nelson
Sometimes the hurdles aren’t really hurdles at all. They’re welcome challenges, tests. – Paul Walker
Life is made up of challenges that cannot be solved but only accepted. – Roger Ebert
Life comes with many challenges. The ones that should not scare us are the ones we can take on and take control of. – Angelina Jolie
Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they’re supposed to help you discover who you are. – Bernice Johnson Reagon
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey. – Roy T. Bennett
Challenges make you discover things about yourself that you never really knew. They’re what make the instrument stretch – what make you go beyond the norm. – Cicely Tyson
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. – Robert F. Kennedy
We all have challenges. We have to face them, embrace them, defy them, and conquer them. – Victoria Arlen
The roughest roads often lead to the top. – Christina Aguilera
The strong-minded rise to the challenge of their goals and dreams. The weak-minded become haters. – Steve Maraboli
Life throws challenges and every challenge comes with rainbows and lights to conquer it. – Amit Ray
When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up. – Roy T. Bennett
It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly. – Isaac Asimov
Life is short, and nobody knows what’s around the corner, but I’m up for lots of new challenges. – Ashley Roberts
It’s lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself. – Muhammad Ali
In the face of impossible odds, people who love this country can change it. – Barack Obama
Despite its challenges, globalization has led to one of the most peaceful and productive times in world history. – Mike Quigley
The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it. – Warren Bennis
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges. – Joyce Meyer
One of the biggest challenges to medicine is the incorporation of information technology in our practices. – Samuel Wilson
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art. – John Lasseter
Old age may have its limitations and challenges, but in spite of them, our latter years can be some of the most rewarding and fulfilling of our lives. – Billy Graham
Life is full of challenges and surprises. – Jil Sander
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he’s dead. – Bette Davis
We need diversity of thought in the world to face the new challenges. – Tim Berners-Lee
There is strength in numbers, but organizing those numbers is one of the great challenges. – John C. Mather
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist. – Gail Sheehy
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. – Helen Keller
When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth. – Roy T. Bennett
A trap is only a trap if you don’t know about it. If you know about it, it’s a challenge. – China Miéville
I’m up for challenges. I’m up for being outside the box, making tough decisions and challenges… And I’m a little bit of an adrenaline junkie. – Becky Hammon
I wanted to live the life, a different life. I didn’t want to go to the same place every day and see the same people and do the same job. I wanted interesting challenges. – Harrison Ford
Life is full of challenges, but I always have the Three Ps: Passion, patience and persistence. And the fourth one is pizza. – Butch Hartman
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer. – Albert Einstein
Never run from the enemy, tackle them. – Victoria Addino
Beyond Pain and Suffering: Adapting to Adversity and Life Challenges
